We would like to know more about your experience with diversity, race and equity, and social justice. Please tell us about your experience engaging and working with diverse communities – particularly in the context of your professional, volunteer, or civic work. Please also address efforts you have made or been involved with to foster diversity competence and understanding.

Diversity and equity work is an important personal value for me. In talking about diversity and diversity work in a concrete way, I believe it is important to be explicit about the position form which I approach these values. I belong to a demographic that benefits, implicitly and explicitly, from systemic prejudice and systems of racism. As such, I believe that it is important, first and foremost, for someone like me to approach diversity from a position of humility. I believe it is important to look to the many people of color, both in my field and outside of it, who are already doing excellent work and amplify their voices. My job first and foremost is to listen. Secondarily, my job is to amplify the voices and perspectives of those whose voices are most under-represented.

At my last position, I worked for a company that had a fairly diverse workforce, but was significantly less diverse in leadership positions. Leadership tended to elevate those who were most like themselves, I made an effort to push back on that. For instance, ideas that came from more diverse members of my team were sometimes attributed to me or other people like me, and whenever I saw this happening, I would make a point to be explicit about who should get credit for the work or ideas. Additionally, I am currently volunteering for an organisation called Seattle Community Network that is providing free or low-cost internet access to underserved communities in Seattle and King County. Through this work, I get to hear many different perspectives both from our users, most of whom are low-income or homeless, and from the other volunteers. But one of the most exciting aspects of it is the Digital Stewards program that we developed alongside of the Black Brilliance Research Project which aims to provide community members with real world experience, and compensation, in a technical field so that they can start their own careers. Through that program, I can share the experience I have in corporate IT in a way that has a real impact on people's lives.
